add sevennet support (#226)
stfc/janus-core: docs/source/developer_guide/tutorial.rst

- If ``model_path`` is ``None``, we use the ALIGNN's ``default_path``

.. note::

>     ``model_path`` will already be a ``pathlib.Path`` object, if the path exists. you may want to cast it back to a string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``model_path`` will already be a :class:`pathlib.Path` object, if the path exists. you may want to cast it back to a string
```
Should give you a nice link here.

>     ``model_path`` will already be a ``pathlib.Path`` object, if the path exists. you may want to cast it back to a string
>      ``str(model_path)`` if a string is needed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ``model_path`` will already be a ``pathlib.Path`` object, if the path exists.
    Some MLIPs do not support this, so you may be required to cast it back to a string (``str(model_path)``).
```

>      ```str(model_path)``` if a string is needed

Author: ```suggestion
     ``str(model_path)`` if a string is needed
```

    )
    def test_extra_mlips(architecture, device, kwargs):

> not all models may support empty paths, so for some you may want to remove the ``("alignn", "cpu", {})`` test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::
    Not all models support an empty (default) model path, so the equivalent test to``("alignn", "cpu", {})`` may need to be removed, or moved to the tests described in `Load models - failure`_.
```

Load models - failure
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> It is also useful to test that ``model_path``, and ``model`` or and the "standard" MLIP calculator parameter (``path``) cannot be defined simultaneously::

Reviewer: Does this highlight properly? May be better as:
```suggestion
It is also useful to test that ``model_path``, and ``model`` or and the "standard" MLIP calculator parameter (``path``) cannot be defined simultaneously

.. code-block:: python
```

    @pytest.mark.extra_mlips
    @pytest.mark.parametrize(
        "kwargs",
        [
            {
                "architecture": "alignn",
                "model_path": "tests/models/v5.27.2024/best_model.pt",

>                 "model": "tests/models/v5.27.2024/best_model.pt",

Author: this was done already.. odd I see it only now

>                 "model": "tests/models/v5.27.2024/best_model.pt",

Reviewer 2: This is updating the guide to match the tests, not the tests themselves
